Update README.md (#18246)
netdata/netdata: src/daemon/config/README.md

### [logs] section options

> There are additional configuration options for the logs. For more info, see [Netdata Logging](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/developer-and-contributor-corner/libnetdata/log).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are additional configuration options for the logs. For more info, see [Netdata Logging](/src/libnetdata/log/README.md).
```

Hey @Steve8291 :wave:! We don't use Learn links, there is a process that parses github ones

Author: Thanks @Ancairon
